#130 Use artifact-reference-checker-maven-plugin (#131)
exasol/dynamodb-virtual-schema: README.md

| [Maven Dependency Plugin](https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-dependency-plugin/)| Unpacking jacoco agent                                 | Apache License 2.0               |
| [Sonatype OSS Index Maven Plugin][sonatype-oss-index-maven-plugin]                  | Checking Dependencies Vulnerability                    | ASL2                             |
| [Versions Maven Plugin][versions-maven-plugin]                                      | Checking if dependencies updates are available         | Apache License 2.0               |

> | [Artifact Reference Checker Plugin][artifact-reference-checker-plugin]              | Check if artifact is reference in correct version      | MIT License                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Artifact Reference Checker Plugin][artifact-reference-checker-plugin]              | Check if artifact is referenced with correct version      | MIT License                      |
```
